docs: improve README for Webpack loader (#83)
microsoft/griffel: packages/webpack-loader/README.md

npm install --dev @griffel/webpack-loader
```

## When to use it?

> - If you are building a reusable library, please use [`@griffel/babel-preset`](../babel-preset)
> - If you are building an application please use Webpack loader (this package)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For library developers, please use [`@griffel/babel-preset`](../babel-preset)
- For application developers, please use Webpack loader (this package)
```

## Usage

Webpack documentation: [Loaders](https://webpack.js.org/loaders/)

Within your webpack configuration object, you'll need to add the `@griffel/webpack-loader` to the list of modules, like so:

```js
module.exports = {
  module: {
    rules: [
      {
        test: /\.(ts|tsx)$/,
        exclude: /node_modules/,
        use: {
          loader: '@griffel/webpack-loader',
        },
      },
    ],
  },
};
```

While the loader itself has a short circuit to avoid processing (invoking Babel transforms) it's better to reduce the scope of processed files. For example, you can enforce a restriction to have `makeStyles()` calls only in `.styles.ts` files:

```js
module.exports = {
  module: {
    rules: [
      {
        test: /\.styles.ts$/,
        exclude: /node_modules/,
        use: {
          loader: '@griffel/webpack-loader',
        },
      },
    ],
  },
};
```

> ### Importing Griffel from custom packages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Handling Griffel re-exports
```

Better title ?

```js

> import { makeStyles } from 'custom-package';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import { makeStyles } from 'reexports-griffel';
```

// 👇 custom import names are also supported

> import { createStyles } from 'custom-package';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import { createStyles } from 'reexports-griffel';
```

```

> By default, the Webpack loader handles imports from `@griffel/react`, to handle imports from custom packages settings should be tweaked:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the Webpack loader handles imports from `@griffel/react`. The webpack loader can be re-configured to handle re-exports of Griffel from custom packages.
```

```js
module.exports = {
  module: {
    rules: [
      {
        test: /\.(ts|tsx)$/,
        exclude: /node_modules/,
        use: {
          loader: '@griffel/webpack-loader',
          options: {

>             modules: [{ moduleSource: 'custom-package', importName: 'makeStyles' }],

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            modules: [{ moduleSource: 'reexports-griffel', importName: 'makeStyles' }],
```
